# Bankruptcy-Prediction

Corporate bankruptcy prediction research has been topical now in economics. Timely warning of bankruptcy risk makes managers and investors able to do preventative measures. Accurate bankruptcy prediction usually leads to many benefits such as cost reduction in credit analysis, better monitoring, and an increased debt collection rate. 

In this paper,  I use the Polish companies bankruptcy dataset. The DataSet hosted on UCI’s Machine Learning Repository (Tomczak, 2016) and collected over 2007-2013 describes 64 features and bankruptcy status after 1~5 year of Polish companies. And I first discover and select the intrinsical and different factors predicting the bankruptcy best per year by XGBoost method. After the above work, these chosen features per year show us changes process in the top k important features on the timeline near bankruptcy. Additionally, the contrast of original XGBoost model and FeaturedBalancedBagging classifier model is given through calculating metric of performance such as precision,recall and fscore. Although some information being lost causes the prediction accuracy decreasing, FeaturedBalancedBagging can let us pay more attention to the most essential things for bankruptcy. Finally, the advice which is based on predicting the probability of bankruptcy analysis of FeaturedBalancedBagging classifier model combining with the features changes process on the timeline near bankruptcy will be prepared for investor to help them do wise decision.
